QPID AMQP JMS Samples (#33)
ibm-messaging/mq-dev-patterns: amqp-qpid/README.md

  * Build a developer image following the instructions in the [mq-container repository](https://github.com/ibm-messaging/mq-container/blob/master/docs/building.md)

  * Run the container. If you have tagged your image with `ibm-mqadvanced-server-dev:9.2.1.0-amd64` then you can run it with the command

  ````
  docker run --env LICENSE=accept --env MQ_QMGR_NAME=QM1 --env MQ_APP_PASSWORD=passw0rd --publish 1414:1414 --publish 9443:9443 --publish 5672:5672 --detach ibm-mqadvanced-server-dev:9.2.1.0-amd64
  ````

## AMQP QPID samples
There are two sets of samples.
  * [qpid-standard](/amqp-qpid/qpid-standard/README.md)
  * [qpid-quarkus]((/amqp-qpid/qpid-quarkus/README.md))

Most of the code is common, and shared through symbolic links. Each has its own
maven `pom.xml`, build and run instructions.

## Run configurations and options
Each set of samples has its own mechanism for configuration.
  * [qpid-standard](/amqp-qpid/qpid-standard/README.md) uses command line arguments, JNDI and an associated `src/main/resources/jndi.prpperties` file.
  * [qpid-quarkus]((/amqp-qpid/qpid-quarkus/README.md)) uses
  a quarkus `src/main/resources/application.properties` file

### Mode Options

> The mode options are the same for both set of applications. The difference is how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mode options are the same for both sets of applications. The difference is in how
```

Author: done

they are specified.

#### [qpid-standard](/amqp-qpid/qpid-standard/README.md)
Specify as command line arguments, in any order

#### [qpid-quarkus](/amqp-qpid/qpid-quarkus/README.md)
Specify in `applications.properties` as `amqp-mqtest.appargs`

#### Modes
  * one of
    * put (default)
    * get
    * browse
      * this will run the sample as a put/pub, get/sub or browse. The put will put a set of TextMessage, BytesMessage, StreamMessage,
      ObjectMessage and MapMessage.

>   * a integer number n

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * an integer number n
```
